I will come back on the last video we were.
We had a lot of fun right.
We we validated some of this information coming from the form down here and we cut it here.
Finding out that the form was submitted we made an array we put some values in there we tested against
that using a function call in array to see if the user name was present there.
And it was impressive.
We display a message saying you know sorry you're not allowed if you was we welcome to use Earle or
whoever was there right to our little application.
We also tested the value the characters the amount of characters the user name had or that field had
on the form and if it was lower than five would display a message and was if it was bigger than five
with a splash message here with this SD or lenth function here which counter they use user name characters
which counted the characters of this field right here right whatever we are typing here this function
was able to catch those values in there.
And we tested against that.
All right.
So on this video here what are we going to be doing is we going to be sending this information somewhere
else.
Because this information is kind of messy right here right here right on the same page.
So usually I tell you that we have another page to do this.
We make another page and we value day or form data and then we can reuse that page you know through
our application right.
So what I want to do is I want to do Aceves because I really don't want to touch this form that ph be
here.
I want to leave this for you so I'm going to do a Save As and call this form external
save.
Now we have a different form that we can play around with.
Right now you have a form over there and your course that exercise files that you can refer to that
single page validation.
This one is going to be an external because well what I want to do is I want to send all these data
to another form and the form to another page the page is going to be called Form process.
Right.
And we're going to make it right now.
So let's go ahead and open our blank that BHP that do a Save As and let's make this what it was was
a form process that we go up BHB I'm going to take all these mail out of there because it's not going
to take HDMI.
By the way we could put them out but it's not going to do that.
So what we need to do first and we need to go on the browser to this forum.
I think my editor already took me there.
There we go.
And he took me to form process.
All right.
So if you're not there for some reason make sure that you go to your browser and type it in.
So when I type in some data here it's going to get sent to the form of this court process and is going
to process it right he's going to give us some information.
So this is an external validation form.
So I'm going to say my name is Edwin and this is the password.
I click submit and look at the browser look at the address bar right here where he's going to do submit.
And as you can see it changed the form process here.
All right.
Didn't display anything because some reason is not his plain but we know that it did go there to form
process.
The reason why is not explained because we don't have any of these data there so it's still too soon
to do that.
So let's go ahead and copy all this stuff here.
Let's take it out from this form external let's save it and then let's put it in the form on the score
process right here because it doesn't have anything.
Let's do that right.
There we go.
Now he's doing something right.
Let's take that off.
And by pull my mouse cursor here and just click enter to empty it out.
Let's actually go back here to enter again there and this is empty.
All right so let's type in the name Edwyn and here and click submit and it's going to take me to form
on this court process is going to say sorry you're not allowed.
So you see that we were here in a form on the Scorched-Earth no.
And when I clicked so made it so it send me to the other page to process that information.
So I'm just going to collect some really long name there and submit.
And he says user it cannot be longer than 10.
Sorry you're not allowed processing the data right here.
So this is how you send the data to another form invalidate it.
All right so hopefully you were able to learn how to do this.
And if not just go rewind the video look at it again if you still have any questions call me.
Well not call me but go ahead and e-mail me message me make a discussion then we can resolve your not
understanding this but very simple so hopefully this information was able to give you an open mind about
how data is actually sent to other pages that we can catch it over there and do all the things with
it right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this video and I'll see you in the next one.
Take care.